feat: add dynamic theme colors and attr_list support for paging (#21)
tuunit/mkdocs-drawio: documentation/docs/plumbing.md

# Plumbing and internals

For those who want to understand how the plugin works, here is a brief overview.

> ## Diagrams.net
> 
> **Diagrams.net** previoully known as **Draw.io** is a free online diagram software. It is perfect for creating diagrams, flowcharts, process diagrams, and more. It is a powerful tool that can be used for creating diagrams for any purpose.

Reviewer: Never blindly trust LLMs ;)

```suggestion
## Draw.io

**Draw.io** previoully known as **Diagrams.net** is a free online diagram software. It is perfect for creating diagrams, flowcharts, process diagrams, and more.
```

> It relies on JTGraph's [mxGraph](https://jgraph.github.io/mxgraph/) library to render the diagrams. A mxGraph is a XML-based language that defines the structure of the diagram. Here an example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It relies on JGraph's [mxGraph](https://jgraph.github.io/mxgraph/) library to render the diagrams. A mxGraph uses XML to define the structure of diagrams. Here an example
```

![](circle-square.drawio)

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<mxfile host="app.diagrams.net" version="26.0.7">
  <diagram name="Page-1" id="mV4jbraemd7C51ydpzk2">
    <mxGraphModel dx="565" dy="355" grid="1" gridSize="10"
        guides="1" tooltips="1" connect="1" arrows="1" fold="1"
        page="1" pageScale="1" pageWidth="394" pageHeight="394"
        math="0" shadow="0">
      <root>
        <mxCell id="0" />
        <mxCell id="1" parent="0" />
        <mxCell id="7JHgTfKEjFP575Ptm9la-1" value=""
            style="ellipse;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;aspect=fixed;"
            vertex="1" parent="1">
          <mxGeometry x="80" y="40" width="80" height="80" as="geometry" />
        </mxCell>
        <mxCell id="7JHgTfKEjFP575Ptm9la-2" value=""
            style="whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;aspect=fixed;
                   fillColor=#f8cecc;strokeColor=#b85450;"
            vertex="1" parent="1">
          <mxGeometry x="180" y="40" width="80" height="80" as="geometry" />
        </mxCell>
      </root>
    </mxGraphModel>
  </diagram>
</mxfile>
```

## GraphViewer

> The plugin uses the [GraphViewer](https://github.com/jgraph/drawio/blob/dev/src/main/webapp/js/viewer-static.min.js) minified version of the drawio viewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin uses the minified version of the [drawio viewer](https://github.com/jgraph/drawio/blob/dev/src/main/webapp/js/viewer-static.min.js).
```
